what is cloud computing?
---cloud computing is the delivery of various computing, services like servers and storage and databases over the internet. this allow users to access and manage data and application remotely.

types of cloud computing?
--- cloud computing divided into three types they are given below
         iaaS
         PaaS
         SaaS

Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS):
--Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) contains the basic building blocks for cloud IT and typically provide access to networking features, 
--computers (virtual or on dedicated hardware), and data storage space. 
--Infrastructure as a Service vendors can help you with the highest level of flexibility and management control over your IT resources and 
--it is most similar to existing IT resources that many IT departments and developers are familiar with today.


Platform as a Service (PaaS):
Platforms as a service (PaaS) vendors remove the need for organizations to manage the underlying infrastructure (usually hardware and operating systems)
this integration allows you to focus on the deployment and management of your applications. 
This helps you be more efficient as you don’t need to worry about resource procurement, capacity planning, 
software maintenance, patching, or any of the other undifferentiated heavy lifting involved in running your application.


Software as a Service (SaaS):
Software as a Service (SaaS) vendors provide you with software applications that is run and managed by the vendor.
In most cases, people referring to Software as a Service are referring to third-party end-user applications.
With a SaaS offering you do not have to think about how the service is maintained or how the underlying infrastructure is managed;
you only need to think about how you will use that particular piece of software.
A common example of a SaaS application is web-based email where you can send and receive email without having to manage feature additions to the email product or maintaining the servers and operating systems that the email program is running on.
